Blogging so I know that information after configuring to be free and that's it.
And this fear chose the master one then to just connected to the master.
And I told you that when the muster as out of series even to this point of service is out of service.
The other two are connected to muster can detect this information and chose under there must have been
rebozo division or Mashi that exist into must that host.
And how does the host know the information about the virtual machine inside this house.
So if we back to that start like that and we got to the Sherrod story use it for the head.
If we go to the monitor or we try to browse information about this one.
How do you see that we have a fire carried this fear heights of ability of the it.
We do this.
It hides a beat when we click on it we see different phyla.
This one we have different file save it in the shedded stores that have information about this.
So this is obviously no monarchy's by do different tasks and not by do the center server.
So hey if we check this fine I-10 we have Haast 35 boated on a hot 28 protected list and this is the
fight that I tell you that have a list of information about the host and the different virtual machine
running in this house.
So despite all the information about the muster the vitriol machine the horse into the hides.
So we do muster is out of service the two other slave will go to decide.
And read information about the video machine that walking in to horse muster and well reviewed today
in other different tools and building the one that will be the master.
So this is the file that we told you.
This is a different affirmation about the house the spot at all.
Tell us about it.
Maybe just what is the number one.
Number two.
Number three went another host is both of they will get some information about it when it is out of
service and when it's back to the live they will get information from those fine 10.